# Inhaste
Instagram image downloader and collage maker
A photo speaks of a story almost, if not better than, lots of words. With the proliferation of multimedia technology and the popularity of digital media, people are accessing several kinds of digital photographic media such as mobile phone web camera, tablet PC and digital camera. Also, we are becoming more involved in taking photos rather than using text in our day to day life. It is only because of superior photo Nevertheless, without visualization strategy and advanced photo arrangement, the tremendous number of picture resources like thousands of vacation pictures in an individual folder or lakhs of pictures getting from web query may bring a possible problem with respect to information acquisition and access. Now, a new photo visualization method, which is photo collage, produces a compressed and gratifying representation for putting together and arranging a set of photos on a single layout. The main benefit of collage is that it provides the people to efficiently scan many images at once while still maintaining the essential aspects of them. To more efficiently view a set of images, image summarization is important.
Collage is form of art of putting together different forms which is there for people’s satisfaction/attractions. Photo collage is one of the forms of collage which deals with arranging of photos together to form the collage. Photos are put together in such a manner that they please the viewer. Many people want Photo Collage for their pleasure. They are doing it manually. First, they need to select the pictures. Then they have to arrange it. Then they have to put together in the frame. This takes a lot of time. They have to do a lot of work. Our system will get rid of this manual and long process of creating photo collage, by automatically doing these tasks. 
Our project is an approach to simplify the complexity of downloading images from Instagram and creating its collage manually. Our project automates the download of Instagram images and formation of collages on the user decided width and maximum number of images they want in their collage.
In this project, we are using different technologies like Web Crawling, Tkinter, Selenium, BeautifulSoup. Scrapy is a framework, written in Python, for Web Crawling which has been proven effective for scrapping data from the website. Scrapy will help in extracting various images from Instagram page. Tkinter is the standard GUI library of Python. Tkinter provides fast and easy way to create GUI applications. Selenium is a portable framework for testing web applications. Selenium provides a playback tool for authoring functional tests without the need to learn a test scripting language
